Stop playing with stones
Hurry up and pack up and go home
No, Mom, I haven't played enough yet. What are you playing?
If you don't go back home, it will be stolen
Chen Tezhu
Book me two tickets back right away
Immediately
come
This is what you call a big meal
Hey, Mr. Gu
Don't look at this store
It tastes delicious
Especially the spicy boiled fish
This is the sign of their store
Hey try it
OK
How was it? Was it delicious?
Then you should eat more
What do you think Secretary Lin invited you to eat?
It's boiled fish
The doctor specially told you that you have a bad stomach recently.
Avoid spicy and greasy seafood
You can't eat it.
Why don't you make it clear to Secretary Lin?
Stop talking nonsense, Mr. Gu
I guess so.
You are better with Yoyo than with stones
Did you read the DNA result wrong at that time?
Don't forget that Master Stone is your own son.
Is blood that important?
Can't you love if you're not in this life?
Then you are not related to your wife by blood.
You don't still love him to the death
You are sometimes too narrow-minded
Mr. Gu
You probably don't like Secretary Li, do you?